Add per-layout metrics to imports (#1781)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/features/1781--per-layout-import-metrics.md

VAST now exports per-layout import metrics under
`<reader>.events.<layout-name>` in addition to the regular `<reader>.events`,

> making it easier to show the event type distribution in live deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
making it easier to understand the event type distribution.
```
